hey youtube just got home today and got
my package from tactics um I'm not doing
on boxing um did my first one so bear
with me here i ordered a stereo stereo
vinyl cruiser and red so let's see what
this looks like after I open this up
more packaging paper paper there's no
paper okay this is my receipt all right
now to Accra toward the sea more boxes
oh right damn and read that looks pretty
sick hey chicken shrink-wrap just really
good box I'm going to keep that here's
board and it comes with some sunglasses
and stickers personalized forward wait
so much packaging
all right she's just cardboard comes
with four sets of stickers different
sets for the bottom of the board and for
the circle very kind of see maybe not I
don't know stickers the sunglasses
there's one more thing I came out of
this is this is the catalog of the
stereo stuff um even though these wheels
don't spin because they're over tight um
this board actually looks pretty cool
I'm gonna actually go read this now um
safety warning yada yada okay go
specifications it's for it is 22 and a
half inches long 6 inches wide um it's
got fifty nine millimeter wheels it's
got some trucks with soft bushings and
the sticker pack alright so that's
basically it the boring alright i hope
to be doing more maybe soon I don't know
find out alright so catch you all later